All right welcome back guys.
I'm here in the mph the version that I told you about I was going to find out what the problem was.
And basically the problem was that we never set this BHB version of current all we did was save it here.
And Weeting actually click on this so we need to click it.
Right now we are at the Korean version so now it should work.
All right.
So again I never had to do that because I use my own servers and most of my projects I use when I have
small Prodgers to show you guys and and clients and things like that.
I use godaddy boards for my own stuff I use my own servers with virtual virtual servers we Almazan Web
services just to let you know.
Right.
But anyway let's go and test this out now.
I haven't tested it out yet.
It just came to my mind that that was the problem so 1 1 2 and 3 enter.
And as you can see we are now in the site of it.
So now let's log out and log out is working beautifully.
We try to go to admin not thing admin right.
Beautiful.
So let's go ahead and try some other things to see if we have any issues with anything else.
This is getting annoying right here let me just put this in the.
All right.
So we king adiposity walking out of pools here I'm going to add something and I take that off in a minute
or about that ad Tezz pools or something like that.
Rico Pollstar is publish javascript.
Let's see if we can get an image in there too.
And to run
them just good.
You know what my face covering there to see if it works.
It has a differing image.
So as I have mostly all the same images published Post says the post was created.
Let's go you will post and in fact it is created in let's go view it haha hole guys.
This is working beautifully.
All right.
So one of the best things that I'm going to actually create this course right here and I don't know
if I'm going to do it on the next lecture is actually create the ability the ability for e-mailing.
All right.
So you know why as a matter of fact besides fixing all the issues.
Because we may we might encounter some of the issues but that's fine.
Besides do kind of fixing all the issues.
We even got Azmin working.
Beautiful right.
But anyway besides fixing all the issues let's actually build a contact page right.
So you know what to do in the next lectures.
See you in the next one.
And keep it tight.
This is fun.
Let's get it done.